Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in the city centre .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in the riverside area .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Burger King .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Blue Spice is a pub located in the city centre .
Blue Spice is a pub located in the riverside area .
Blue Spice is a pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Blue Spice is a pub near Burger King with an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Blue Spice is a Chinese pub in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a pub in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It serves Chinese food and is family friendly .
The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Phoenix is a fast food pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It is child friendly and has a high price range .
The Phoenix is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly .
The Phoenix is a pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Phoenix is a fast food pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It is not family - friendly .
The Vaults is a pub near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Vaults is a Japanese pub located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
The Vaults is a Japanese pub in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . The price range is less than £ 20 .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £ 20 .
Zizzi is a high rated coffee shop near Burger King .
Zizzi is a coffee shop near The Sorrento .
Zizzi is a pub in the riverside area .
Zizzi is a pub near Burger King with an average customer rating .
Zizzi is a pub near Burger King with a high customer rating .
Zizzi is a pub near The Sorrento .
